README.MD, before:

# TODO
A Rails Application for To-Do Lists  

Built with:

1. Devise for handling the browser sessions for users (There is no need for signups/Signin/Login/Logout)
2. bootstrap-sass for styling
3. Postgres to persist to-do list data between sessions for all users
4. pry for debugging

## Features

1. No signups/Signins necessary. User's tasks will be annonymously saved until user clears browser history.
2. Cool UI but could be cooler
3. Task saved in cloud. Even though there is no signups or signins, Your tasks are yours.
4. Mark tasks as complete. Tasks will be deleted from Database as its completed
5. Set Priority on tasks to easily see which tasks are important.
6. Elegant color coded priority badge on Tasks for identification
7. Full use of Ajax. There is no reloading of browser.


## Challenges Faced

1. Building Guest Sessions using Devise.
2. User interface.
3. My Plan was to add multiple lists on top of the sticky pads thats visible in the background.
   But because it would take me more time to deal with the front end i ditched the plan.

Commit message:

New feature: Sync with multiple device using QR

README.MD, after:

# TODO
A Rails Application for To-Do Lists  

Built with Rails.

1. Devise for handling the browser sessions for users (There is no need for signups/Signin/Login/Logout)
2. bootstrap-sass for styling
3. Postgres to persist to-do list data between sessions for all users
4. pry for debugging
5. QRCODE generator for syncing sessions with other devices

## Features

1. No signups/Signins necessary. User's tasks will be annonymously saved until user clears      browser history.
2. Scan QR-CODE to sync your tasks with Multiple devices
2. Cool UI but could be cooler
3. Task saved in cloud. Even though there is no signups or signins, Your tasks are yours.
4. Mark tasks as complete. Tasks will be deleted from Database as its completed
5. Set Priority on tasks to easily see which tasks are important.
6. Elegant color coded priority badge on Tasks for identification
7. Full use of Ajax. There is no reloading of browser.


## Challenges Faced

1. Building Guest Sessions using Devise.
2. User interface.
3. My Plan was to add multiple lists on top of the sticky pads thats visible in the background.
   But because it would take me more time to deal with the front end i ditched the plan.
